adding http prefix to proxy when missing (#13911)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_13_11.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Fixed an issue where proxy configuration without 'http://' prefix filed some integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a proxy configuration without the 'http://' prefix failed some integrations.
```

> - Fixed an issue where a proxy configuration without the 'http://' prefix failed some integrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a proxy configuration without the 'http://' prefix would cause some integrations to fail.
```

Reviewer 3: @yuvalbenshalom @amshamah419  I would go with a different approach regarding the release notes:

```suggestion
- Added support to auto append `http://` protocol to proxy urls configured without a protocol. This resolves issues seen where recent versions of urllib3 failed parsing proxy urls.
```
